All right.
So in this lesson, I'd like to do a quick refactor.
As you might anticipate, the configuration object that we passed to create a store can get pretty large
and pretty hairy pretty quick.
So what I like to do is to separate its elements out into separate constants throughout this file.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to begin by defining a constant here that I'm also going to export
and it's going to be called a state.
And state, of course, is just going to be this function right here, and I'm going to make it an arrow
function.
So I'm going to copy this right here.
I'm going to put it right here, and I'm going to make it an arrow function in line just by adding that
symbol right here.
So now state is a arrow function that returns my next store.
State Okay, so let me go ahead and remove this comma that should get prettier to work.
And of course here we no longer need to use this entire function.
We can just reference state and use that helpful feature of F6 where it's going to reference this arrow
function right here.
Similarly for mutations, I'm going to say export constant mutations.
I'm going to extract that object to its own separate, constant.
And this is going to be a JavaScript object and I can copy everything I have right here and I'm going
to paste it like so, and that is totally valid.
We're still going to have one mutation called log in user.
Every single mutation we write is still going to accept a single argument of the store state.
Totally fine, even if we define it in a separate object, which of course allows me here to use elastic
syntax and just make this mutations.
All right.
Just a little bit of a quick refactor so we can separate these different elements that go into our configuration
object for the create store function.
I will see you in the next lesson.